//Beginning
You've been on death row for a while now. You can't remember how long exactly, but today is finally the day. In [time], your capital punishment will be given.
Lying on your cell's cot, you decide to do stop moping and actually do something with your limited time remaining.
-You can examine various things in your cell: your cot, the toilet, the vents, a poster, the sink, and the cell door-

//Cell - Cot
Under your pillow, you find the old file you tried using to escape a while back. You hold on to it for old time's sake.
-File obtained-

//Cell - Toilet
You look over at your cell's toilet. You see you didn't flush last time, but in flushing, the lever fell out. You now remember why you didn't flush last time.
-Flush lever obtained-

//Cell - Vents
Above your bed you see an air duct. It runs throughout the whole prison, but your cell only has a single bend of a duct leaking in.
//When shank has been crafted
Above your bed you see an air duct. It runs throughout the whole prison, so it'd be the perfect way to escape! You cut a hole in the duct and crawl in. You barely fit in, but you're still able to move.

//Cell - Poster
There's a poster in your cell you've never seen before. It's held on very poorly with masking tape. Maybe there's something behind it?
You rip the poster off, only to see the same wall you've been looking at for however long you've been in this prison.

//Cell - Sink
Next to the toilet is a sink. On the rim of that sink is a toothbrush. A very frayed toothbrush. The prison guards never bothered to change the prisoners' toothbrushes regularly.
-Toothbrush obtained-

//Cell - Cell Door
You look out your cell door and see what the rest of the prison looks like, along with the other prisoners in their on cells, all being patrolled by guard scanning the hall.
-You can talk to the guard or a fellow prisoner on the opposite side of the hall-

//Cell - When you have both File and Toothbrush
You tried using the file to grind down the cell bars, but what if you ground something else? You look at the flat edge of your toothbrush and file it to a sharp edge.
-Shank obtainted-
